.TH MINIGIMP 1 "26 January 2019"
.SH NAME
minigimp \- Easy digital image processing tool using a command line interface.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBminigimp\fP [-h | -histo] [-v] [<code_lut>[<param1>]*]* [-o output_filepath.ppm] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBminigimp\fP lets you add effects on your images in an artistic manner.
The required file format for both the input and output image is \fI.ppm\fP
You can use as many effects as you wish at once.
.SS Options
.TP
\fB-h, -histo\fP
Save the original image histogram alongside the final image's histogram
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Same as \fB-h\fP but shows both histograms in the terminal, display can go wrong if your window is too small.
.TP
\fB-o\fP \fIoutputimagepath.ppm\fP
Specify a custom output filename and path, default is ./output.ppm
.TP
\fBADDLUM\fP \fIvalue\fP
Increase overall image luminosity, it takes a \fIvalue\fP between 0 and 255
.TP
\fBDIMLUM\fP \fIvalue\fP
Decrease overall image luminosity, it takes a \fIvalue\fP between 0 and 255
.TP
\fBADDCON\fP \fIvalue\fP
Increase overall image contrast, it takes a \fIvalue\fP between 0 and 255
.TP
\fBDIMCON\fP \fIvalue\fP
Decrease overall image contrast, it takes a \fIvalue\fP between 0 and 255
.TP
\fBINVERT\fP
Invert colours of the image, similar to a negative effect.
.TP
\fBGRAY\fP
Make the image grayscale.
.TP
\fBSEPIA\fP
Make the image sepia.
.TP
\fBSINCON\fP \fIvalue\fP
This effect is going to apply a conversion curve based on sinus, you may use a \fIvalue\fP between 1 and 2 for better results.
.TP
\fBHISTEQ\fP
This is an automatic contrast adjustment effect. It stretches the histogram so that the image luminance is well balanced.
It can achieve great results on a very deconstrasted image by recovering a huge amount of details that human eyes can't see.
.TP
\fBBLUR\fP \fIvalue\fP
Blur the image entirely. The higher the \fIvalue\fP the blurrier the image. Please note that \fIvalues\fP over 10 will make the processing time longer.
.TP
\fBBLUR\fP \fIvalue\fP \fIcenterX\fP \fIcenterY\fP
More advanced blurring effect. You specify an anchor point on the image using \fIcenterX\fP and \fIcenterY\fP that will stay crisp (they are expressed in percent but don't add the % sign). Then the father a pixel is from this point the blurrier it will be. This is radial garden blur. The \fIvalue\fP works the same as \fBBLUR\fP.
.TP
\fBKBLUR\fP
Light blur effect that doesn't take any input value.
.TP
\fBEDGE\fP
This effect reveals the edges of crisp elements in the image.
.TP
\fBFLIP_V\fP
This flips the image from a vertical axis. See it as a mirror effect.
.TP
\fBFLIP_H\fP
Act the same as \fBFLIP_V\fP but this time it does the flipping horizontally.
.SH AUTHORS
This command line tool has been made by two passionate programmers:
Guillaume HAERINCK ghaerinck@etud.u-pem.fr
Nicolas LIENART nlienart@etud.u-pem.f

